Migrate Home Assistant Supervisor actions to dedicated action pages (#46024)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/hassio.app_start.markdown

---
title: "Start app"
action: hassio.app_start
domain: hassio
description: "Starts a Home Assistant app."
related_actions:
  - hassio.app_stop
  - hassio.app_restart
  - hassio.app_stdin
---

> Use this action to start an installed app. Apps were previously called add-ons. A common use is to start an app only when you need it, for example starting a download client in the evening and stopping it again in the morning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this action to start an installed {% term app %}. A common use is to start an app only when you need it, for example starting a download client in the evening and stopping it again in the morning.
```
